If you wanna make a change in the team, you have to be very clear and
very organized. What do I mean by that? Let's say you have Ah, unit.
Who? They're not really working there full day, you know? You tell
them. Hey, you know, I'll go out and, like, fix all this equipment and
then, you know, half the day is over, and then they come back with
only one thing changed or two things changed when it should have been
the whole things. How do you change that? Well, number one, you
have to be very, very clear. Um, these are the leaders, and those three
leaders are affecting thes five people. The place that I've been
where that hasn't been, the case was very disorganized, and no one
knew exactly what they were supposed to be doing. Another thing about
being very clear. Hey, these are the rules that expect you to do You
have a white board, you label number 123 claiming cellini cells change
the pump, fixed the valve, and then you check on those things.
Hey, was this done? It is done. Green check. Mark, Wait for the next
thing um, yeah. So being being clear and organized are the things
that I e I think make the biggest change. Uh, when it change needs to
happen.